The Bunny hops to the Broccoli. 
It eats the Broccoli. 
The Bunny turns towards the frog. 
A very short time passes. 
The Bunny taps its foot. 
The Frog ribbits, turns to face north and hops away from the mailbox. 
A very short time passes. 
The Bunny hops to the Mailbox. 
The Bunny opens the mailbox. 
It is empty. 
The Bunny plays a sound (disappointment). 
A very short time passes. 
The frog turns around to face the bunny. 
The Frog hops towards the Bunny. 
A very short time passes. 
The Frog ribbits.

The rabbit hops, moving toward the broccoli.
The rabbit eats the broccoli.
The rabbit turns to the frog and taps foot.
The frog ribbits, turns left and hops to the back.
The bunny hops to the mailbox, opens it, and looks inside the mailbox.
Meanwhile, the frog turns to the bunny, moves forward, and ribbits.

The bunny hops to the Brokkoli and eats it. 
Then it turns and moves to the rabbit and taps its foot.
The frog turns left and hops 3 times away.
The bunny then hops 3 times to the mailbox, opens it and looks down on the floor.
While looking down, the frog turns around, hops to the bunny and ribbits.

The bunny turns left to the south and hops three times to the broccoli. 
The bunny eats the broccoli. 
The bunny turns right to face the frog. 
The bunny taps two times on the ground. 
The frog ribbits. 
The frog turns left and hops three times to the northeast. 
The bunny hops three times to the mailbox. 
The bunny opens the mailbox door. 
The bunny looks inside the mailbox. 
The frog turns right to face the bunny. 
The frog hops two times back to the bunny. 
The frog ribbits.

The bunny turns to face the broccoli. 
The bunny hops towards the broccoli. 
The bunny eats the broccoli. 
The bunny turns to face the frog. 
The bunny taps its left foot two times. 
The frog ribbits. 
The frog turns to face north. 
The frog hops to the background. 
The bunny turns to the mail box. 
The bunny hops towards the mailbox. 
The bunny opens the mail box. 
The bunny turns its head downwards. 
Meanwhile the frog quickly turns to face the bunny. 
The frog hops towards the bunny. 
The frog ribbits. 
There is nothing happening for 3 seconds.

The Bunny turns his head and body slightly to the left facing exactly to the south. 
The Bunny jumps upward three times and then bends forward, lies down on the meadow and eats the mushroom. 
Then the Bunny stands up on his hind legs again and turns right facing west in the direction of the mailbox. 
The Bunny taps his left foot leg twice on the ground. 
Then the frog turns to the left facing northeast and making three jumps to the background. 
The Bunny hops to the mailbox, opens it and looks into it. 
The frog turns to the right now facing southwest and hops in two jumps to the right side of the Bunny.

Bunny hops with 3 leaps to Broccoli and eats it. 
Then, Bunny turns left to Frog and waves to Frog twice with the left paw. 
Frog opens the mouth and closes it again. 
Frog turns backward and hops with three leaps to the mailbox, opens it and looks inside. 
The frog turns around and hops back to Bunny and the open mailbox.

The Bunny hops to the broccoli. 
The bunny eats the Broccoli and turns left to the frog. 
The bunny taps its foot. 
The frog ribbits. 
The frog turns to the Palm tree. 
The Frog hops in the background. 
The Bunny hops to the Mailbox. 
The Bunny opens the Mailbox. 
The frog turns to the Bunny. 
The frog hops to the Bunny.

The Bunny hops toward the Broccoli and eats it. 
The Bunny turns to face the Mailbox and taps its foot two times. 
The Frog ribbits and hops into the background. 
The Bunny hops toward the Mailbox and opens the Mailbox. 
The Frog hops toward the Bunny.

Bunny turns left and hops 3 times in direction of viewer of video. 
Bunny eats broccoli. 
Bunny turns right and taps two times with left foot. 
Frog says something to bunny. 
Frog hops 3 times from front left part of the scene to centre of the screen. 
Frog sits with back to viewer. 
Bunny turns a bit right to face the mailbox and hops 3 times to left part of the screen and sits down in front of the mailbox. 
Bunny opens mailbox with right hand. 
Bunny looks inside the mailbox. 
Frog turns and makes 2 hops back to mailbox. 
Frog sits behind bunny and looks into his direction. 
Frog says something to bunny.

The hare hops and bends forward to eat something. 
The frog looks at what the hare does. 
The hare turns to the frog and taps its hindpaw. 
The frog turns its back to the observer and hops to the back (into the background). 
The hare hops to the mailbox and opens it. 
He looks inside. 
The frog turns back to the hare and also hops to the mailbox.

The Bunny turns to face the Broccoli. 
The Bunny hops three times to the Broccoli. 
The Bunny eats the Broccoli. 
The Bunny turns to face the Frog. 
The Bunny taps his foot twice. 
The Frog ribbits. 
The Frog turns to face northeast. 
The frog hops three times to northeast. 
The Bunny turns to face the Mailbox. 
The Bunny hops three times to the Mailbox. 
The Bunny opens the Mailbox. 
The Bunny looks in the Mailbox and at the same time the Frog turns to face the Bunny. 
The Frog hops two times to the Bunny. 
The Frog ribbits.

The duck prince turns to face the monkey.
The duck prince commands.
The monkey sighs.
The monkey turns to face the remote.
The monkey jumps.
The monkey presses a button.
A very short time passes.
The penguin turns to face the bucket.
The penguin glides.
The duck prince quickly turns to face the penguin.
The duck prince scolds.
A very short time passes.
The monkey laughs.
The monkey presses a button.
The penguin jumps once. 

When the scene starts, the t-rex is lifting his head and spreading his jaws voicing a loud "ROOOOAAAAAR!!!".
The t-rex is lowering his head while shutting his jaws.
The bunny turns to face the tortoise.
The bunny hops two times away from the t-rex in the direction of the tortoise, stopping right in front of the tortoise.
The bunny turns slightly right to hop another three times behind the tortoise.
The bunny turns left and hops 5 times to hide on the left side of the tortoise.
The bunny turns turns to face the t-rex.
The tortoise turns to face the t-rex.
The tortoise walks towards the t-rex.
The torsoise says "Hey, evil T-Rex, stop scaring my friend!".
Again The t-rex is lifting his head and spreading his jaws voicing a loud "ROOOOAAAAAR!!!".
The t-rex is lowering his head while shutting his jaws.
The tortoise replies "Well I guess I have no choice but to kick your butt".
The tortoise jumps up and kicks the t-rex's head form below, with his right leg.
The t-rex's head gets knocked back.
The t-rex flys in the air by the force of the kick and is turned over while his tail gets bend upwarts.
The t-rex is landing on it's back jamming it's tail between his back and the ground.

As the scene starts, the girl is waving with her right arm, while saying: "Hello".
The girl turns to face the boy and then reaches out her right arm in the direction of the boy.
The boy turns to face the camera and then waves his right arm while saying: "Hello".
The girl turns to face the camera.
The boy and the girl lift their outstretched right arms simultaneously and stay in that position.
The boy and the girl lift their left arms simulteanously as well.
With both arms outstretched the boy and the girl turn 5 times.
The boy and the girl lower both their arms.
The boy and the girl wave with their right arms.

The scene starts by the T-Rex making a loud "ROAAAAAAAAR!!!", opening its mouth wide.
The rabbit is scared from this and runs away from the T-Rex, behind the tortoise.
It hops around the tortoise and stops left of it.
Both the rabbit and the tortoise turn to face the T-Rex and the tortoise walks towards it.
It says, "Hey, evil T-Rex, stop scaring my friend!", to which the T-Rex replies with another loud "ROAAAAAAAAR!!".
The tortoise says, "Well, I guess I have no choice but to kick your butt."
It jumps up, raising its right leg, and kicks the T-Rex's head from below.
The T-Rex's head is knocked back, followed by its whole body being sent flying. It turns over backwards and falls on its back.


The alien moves towards the right foreground.
While moving, the alien's head faces the astronaut.
The astronaut says: "That's one small step for man" and takes a step.
He says: "...one...".
The alien reaches the foreground and stops moving.
The astronaut says: "...giant leap for..." and turns his head towards the alien.
He says: "He?"
The alien turns to face the astronaut.
The alien nods and says: "/ยง$%5aยง$&".
The astronaut turns to face the alien.
He says: "I come in Peace!" and takes one step towards the alien.
The alien points at the astronaut.
A giant flame column appears and consumes the astronaut.
The alien turns 180 degrees.
Alien off to the right.
The moon lander says: "Houston..." and "...we have a problem!"

The astronaught says, "That's one small step for man..." and takes a step forward, while the alien moves towards him, looking at him.
When the alien is almost next to him, he says, "...one...".
The alien stops next to the astronaught and looks at him, with its body facing the viewer.
The astronaught says, "...giant leap for...", turning his head towards the alien.
When he sees the alien, he screams, "He???"
The alien turns to face him and bows its head, making unintelligible noises.
The astronaught says, "I come in peace!", and takes a step towards the alien.
The alien extends its arm, following which the astronaught is set ablaze with flames, accompanied by the noise of an explosion.
As the flames dance around the astronaught, the alien turns around to the opposite side and moves off the stage to the right.
The flames continue to burn and from the space ship the words emerge, "Houston...", and then, "... we have a problem!".

A speech bubble then appears from the astronaught reading "That's one small step for man..." and the man takes a step foward. The monster then comes towards the astronaught and another speech bubble appears from his head saying "...one...". The astronaught's head then turns to face the head of the monster and the next speech bubble pops up reading "...giant leap for..." and then another saying "He???". The monsters body then turns to face the astronaught and the moster makes stranges noises and nods slowly. The astronaught then turns his body fully to face the monster and replies "I come in peace!" and raises his left leg to take a big leap forward towards the monster. The moster then extends a hand and sets fire to the astronaught. The fire lasts for around 10 seconds. Meanwhile, a speech bubble then appears from the shuttle reading "Houston..." "...We have a problem!" The animation is then complete.     
 
First, the duckling turns completely towards the monkey and waves its scepter at it.
The monkey then turns towards the switch, hops towards it and bends down to press it, which causes the light bulb to turn on.
The penguin then jumps, flapping its wings. 
Simultaneously, the monkey nods.
After a short pause, the penguin turns around towards the back of the bucket behind it, jumps onto its stomach and slides towards the bucket, flapping its wings again.
It knocks the bucket over and then jumps back on its feet, still facing the back of the stage.
The duckling turns around towards the penguin and wiggles from one foot to the other three times, waving its scepter.
The penguin then turns towards the duckling, jumps onto its stomach again and slides through the duckling, knocking it over.
The penguin jumps back on its feet, directly after which the monkey's jaw drops and the monkey shakes its head.
The monkey then bends down to press the switch again and turns off the light.


As his last action, the boy waves.
The last thing the girl does, is to wave.
The first thing the girl does, is to wave.
While waving for the first time, the girl says : "Hello".
Before pointing to the boy, the girl turns to the boy.
The boy turns to the camera.
Before the boy turns to the camera, the girl points to the boy.
After the boy turns to the camera, both the girl and the boy raise their arms.
After raising their arms, both the boy and the girl spin quickly five times.

The woman then raises her left arm and a speech bubble appears from her mouth which reads "hello." She then proceeds to wave, still facing forwards, and turns to face the man. Next she extends her right hand and shakes. A speech bubble then appears from the mouth of the man which also reads "hello," and he raises his left arm and waves. He then places his arm back by his side. Both characters then raise their left arm upwards in a smooth motion at a 90 degree angle and rotate multiple times. Both arms are then replaced at the characters hips before they raise their left arm 90 defrees once again and wave. The animation is then complete.

The girl says "Hello" and waves.
It turns to the boy.
The girl points at the boy.
The boy turns to face the camera.
He says "Hello" and waves.
The girl turns to the camera as well.
Both lift their right arm away from the body.
Both lift their left arm away from the body.
Both spin quickly five times, then they come to a rest.
They wave again.

The cowboy takes two steps forward and the camel nods twice, at the same time.
The cowboy turns to the camera.
He kicks and claps his hands three times.
Simultaneously, the cowboy nods four times and the camel nods four times.

The cowboy takes two steps forward.
The cowboy turns to the camera.
He kicks three times.
While he is kicking, the cowboy also claps his hands three times.
The cowboy nods four times. 
While the cowboy is taking steps, the camel nods twice.
While the cowboy is turning, the camel does nothing.
While the cowboy is kicking, the camel does nothing.
While the cowboy is nodding, the camel nods four times.

The cowboy takes two steps forward.
At the same time, the camel nods twice.
The cowboy turns to the camera.
He kicks and claps his hands three times.
Both the cowboy and the camel nod four times. 

The bunny says "Hello".
Alice turns to face the bunny.
Alice says: "???".
The bunny hops three times towards Alice.
The bunny says: "Come on over here."
Alice shakes her head from the left to the right and to the left again.
The bunny says: "Come on! What time is it?"
Alice turns to face the bunny again.
While turning, Alice says "Oh".
Alice takes 12 steps towards the bunny.
While walking, Alice says: "Okay...".
The grinning cat appears in the branches of the tree.
It says ":-D" and turns its head towards Alice.
The bunny and Alice turn their heads towards the grinning cat.
The bunny says "Ahhhhhhh!" and turns to face the hole.
Alice says: "Hey! Wait!"
The bunny hops four times towards the hole.
The bunny jumps into the hole and disappears.
While the bunny is moving, Alice watches until the bunny disappears.

The rabbit shouts "Hello!". 
Alice then turns to face the rabbit and says "???". 
The rabbit hops three times towards Alice and says "Come over here!". Alice shakes her head. The rabbit says, "Come on! What time is it?" Alice then says "Oh..." and hesitantly walks towards the rabbit. 
After two steps she says, "Okay...". She stops in front of the rabbit. 
Suddenly, a grinning, orange striped cat appears between the two branches of the tree and says ":-D". It turns its head towards Alice and the rabbit, who turn their heads towards the cat. 
The rabbit screams "Ahhhhhhhh!" and turns around towards the hole. 
As the rabbit starts hopping towards the hole, Alice shouts, "Hey! Wait!" and turns towards the hole too. 
The rabbit jumps into the hole.

The duck prince turns to face the monkey.
The duck prince commands.
The monkey turns to face the remote.
The monkey jumps.
The monkey presses a button.
The monkey sighs while the penguin jumps at the same time.
The penguin turns to face the bucket.
The penguin glides.
The duck prince quickly turns to face the penguin.
The duck prince scolds.
The penguin turns to face the duck prince.
The penguin glides.
The monkey laughs.
The monkey presses a button.

The bunny turns to face the broccoli.
The bunny hops three times.
A very short time passes.
The bunny eats the broccoli.
A very short time passes.
The bunny turns to face the frog.
The bunny taps its left foot twice.
The frog ribbits.
The frog turns left by 90 degrees.
The frog hops three times.
The bunny turns to face the mailbox.
The bunny hops three times.
The bunny opens the mailbox.
The bunny's head turns forward by a small amount while the frog turns to face the bunny at the same time.
The frog hops twice.
The frog ribbits.

The bunny turns to the broccoli and hops 3 times towards it. 
The bunny bends down and eats the broccoli. 
The bunny sets pose, turns face to face to the frog and taps his left foot twice. 
The frog ribbits once, then turns north and hops 3 times. 
The bunny turns to the mailbox and hops 3 times. 
The bunny opens the mailbox's door with his left hand, lowers his head and looks into the mailbox. 
The frog turns around and hops twice towards the bunny.

On the right side behind the broccoli there is a bunny facing the frog. 
The bunny faces the broccoli and hops to it. 
Then the bunny eats the broccoli and turns to face the frog. 
The bunny taps its foot twice. 
The frog ribbits, turns a half revelation to the left and hops away from mailbox. 
The bunny hops to the mailbox and opens mailbox. 
The frog turns to face the bunny, hops to the bunny and ribbits once.
