In the foreground to the right, there is a Broccoli. 

Behind the frog, to the left, there is a Mailbox. 
Behind the Mailbox, to the right, is a PalmTree. 

There is a palm on the left side of the ground, before the palm there is a mailbox.
In front of the mailbox, there is a frog.
On the right side of the ground, there is a broccoli.
A rabbit is sitting behind the broccoli.

A piece of Brokkoli is in front of him.

Behind the frog there is a mailbox.
Behind the mailbox there is a palm.

There is a palmtree on the left side in the background. 
In front of palmtree there is a mailbox. 
In front of the bunny, there is a broccoli. 

In the background there is a palm tree on the left. 
In the foreground there is a broccoli on the right. 

In front of the Bunny stands a mushroom. 
On the left side in the foreground stands a palm with a brown trunk and green leaves. 
In front of the palm and somewhat to the left of it stands a shut mailbox on a brown post. 

In the background there is a PalmTree on the left side. 
Left of the palm tree there is a mailbox. 
On the right side of the palm tree there sits a frog. 
In the background on the left there is Bunny. 
In front of Bunny there is Broccoli. 

In the background on the left there is a PalmTree. 
In the foreground in front of the PalmTree is a Mailbox. 
On the right side of the Mailbox there is a frog. 
On the right side in the foreground there is a Broccoli. 
Behind the Broccoli in the Background is a Bunny. 

In the far right foreground is a Broccoli. 
In the far left is a Mailbox and in front of it is a Frog. 
Behind the Mailbox in the background is a PalmTree. 
Behind the Broccoli in the background is a Bunny. 

Left background with palm. 
Left in front of palm: mailbox in brown american style. 
Left in front of mailbox: frog in green colour. 
Right front: bunny in white colour. 
In front of bunny on right side: green broccoli. 

I see a palm tree on the left of the screen, a mailbox in front of it. 
In the foreground there sits a frog on the left and a hare on the right of the screen. 

In the background on the left hand side there is a PalmTree. 
In front of the Bunny there is a Broccoli. 

To the monkey's left, there is a remote.
Left of the remote, there is a light bulb.
Behind the monkey, to the right, there is a bucket.


The boy is standing on the left side of the center of the scene and a little bit further away from the camera than the girl.


The moon lander is in the background to the left.
The astronaut is in the foreground to the left.
The alien is in the background to the right.

In the background, slightly on the moon stands a space ship with a sign reading "UNITED STATES". 
At the right side of the scene in the background is an alien.


At the start of the scene, on the left is a light bulb which is off.
Behind it to the right is a yellow duckling wearing red socks, a crown and a scepter.
To the right is a penguin with white stomach and face and blue back and wings. 

Behind it to the left is a metal bucket. 

The girl is to the right and the boy is to the left.
The boy is in the background.


To the left hand side, there is a boy.
The right, there is a girl.

In the background, there is a pyramid.
There is a camel to the right.
There is a cowboy to the left.

In the foreground to the left is Alice.
In the background to the left, there is a large tree with two branches.

In the background is a large tree whose trunk splits into two large branches which form the tree's crown. 
The tree stands slightly to the left of the horizontal centre of the stage and drops a shade to its right.
In the foreground, to the left of the stage stands the girl Alice.

On the right side of the stage in the foreground is a dark hole in the ground.

To the monkey's left, there is a remote.
Left of the remote, there is a light bulb.
Behind the monkey, to the right, there is a bucket.

In the background there is a palm tree on the left.

In the background on the left, there is a palm tree. 
South of the bunny, there is a broccoli. 

In the background there is a palmtree on the far left. 
In front of the palmtree there is a mailbox. 
In the foreground to the right there is a broccoli. 
