The ground is covered with grass. 
In the foreground to the right, there is a Broccoli. 
Behind the Broccoli, there is a Bunny facing south. 
In the foreground there is a Frog on the left facing southeast. 
Behind the frog, to the left, is a Mailbox. 
Behind the Mailbox, to the right, is a PalmTree. 

The ground is covered with grass.
There is a palm on the left side of the ground, before the palm there is a mailbox.
In front of the mailbox, there is a frog.
On the right side of the ground, there is a broccoli.
A rabbit is sitting behind the broccoli.

There is a bunny in the picture turning towards the camera.
A piece of Brokkoli is in front of him.
A frog sits left of the Brokkoli facing it.
Behind the frog there is a mailbox.
Behind the mailbox there is a palm.
Everything is placed on grass.

The ground is covered with grass. 
The sky is blue. 
There is a palmtree on the left side in the background. 
On the right side there is a big white bunny facing southwest. 
In front of palmtree there is a mailbox. 
Right to the mailbox, there is a frog facing southeast. 
In front of the bunny, there is a broccoli. 

The ground is covered with grass. 
The sky is blue. 
In the background there is a palm tree on the left. 
In the foreground there is a broccoli on the right. 
To the left of the broccoli there is a frog facing the broccoli. 
Behind the frog, to the left, there is a mail box facing southeast. 
Behind the Broccoli there is a rabbit facing south. 

On the upper half of the screen is a clear blue sky. 
On the lower half of the screen is a green meadow. 
On the right in the foreground sits a Bunny on his hind legs facing southwest. 
Before the Bunny stands a mushroom. 
On the left side in the foreground stands a palm with a brown trunk and green leaves. 
Before the palm and somewhat to the left of it stands a shut mailbox on a brown post. 
To the right of the mailbox a little more in the foreground sits a green frog with a yellow belly facing southeast in the direction of the mushroom. 

The ground is covered with grass. 
The sky is blue. 
In the background there is a PalmTree on the left side. 
Left of the palm tree there is a mailbox. 
On the right side of the palm tree there sits a frog. 
In the background on the left there is Bunny. 
In front of Bunny there is Broccoli. 

The ground is covered with grass. 
In the background on the left there is a PalmTree. 
In the foreground in front of the PalmTree is a Mailbox. 
On the right side of the Mailbox there is a frog. 
On the right side in the foreground there is a Broccoli. 
Behind the Broccoli in the Background is a Bunny. 

The floor is covered in grass. 
In the far right foreground is a Broccoli. 
In the far left is a Mailbox and in front of it is a Frog. 
Behind the Mailbox in the background is a PalmTree. 
Behind the Broccoli in the background is a Bunny. 

Ground is covered with green grass. 
Left background with palm. 
Left in front of palm: mailbox in brown american style. 
Left in front of mailbox: frog in green colour. 
Right front: bunny in white colour. 
Half of screen is blue sky. 


I see a palm tree on the left of the screen, a mailbox in front of it. 
In the foreground there sits a frog on the left and a hare on the right of the screen. 

In the background on the left hand side there is a PalmTree. 
In the foreground on the left hand side there is a closed Mailbox facing southeast. 
Right to the mailbox there is a Frog facing east. 
In the foreground on the right hand side there is a Bunny facing southwest. 
In front of the Bunny there is a Broccoli. 

The ground is covered with grass.
In the background there is a sunflower on the far right facing southwest.
In the foreground there is a monkey in the middle facing southwest.
To the monkey's right, there is a penguin facing south.
To the monkey's left, there is a remote.
Left of the remote, there is a light bulb.
Behind the light bulb, to the right, there is a duck prince facing southeast.
Behind the monkey, to the right, there is a bucket.

The stage is a blue sky above a field of grass.
In the scene there are a tortoise, a bunny and a t-rex.
The tortoise is standing slightly left of the center of the scene facing the camera.
The bunny is standing on the right side of the center of the scene facing the center of the scene.
The t-rex is standing further right of the center of the scene than the bunny and is facing the bunny.

There is a blue sky above a green field of grass.
In the scene there are a boy and a girl.
The girl is standing on the right side of the center of the scene and is facing the camera.
The boy is standing on the left side of the center of the scene and a little bit further away from the camera than the girl.


The stage is a grassy field, with blue sky as a backdrop.
The characters are a ninja tortoise, a rabbit and a T-Rex.
The tortoise is standing just to the left of the centre of the stage, facing the viewer.
The rabbit is sitting next to it to the right, looking at the tortoise.
The T-Rex is standing to the right of the stage, looking at the rabbit.


The planet earth can be seen in the background in the sky.
The moon lander is in the background to the left.
The astronaut is in the foreground to the left.
The alien is in the background to the right.

The scene is set on the moon, with black space instead of sky and grey rocky ground. 
Far away in space, Earth is visible blue and green. 
In the background, slightly on the moon stands a space ship with a sign reading "UNITED STATES". 
In the foreground in front of it is an astronaught, facing the viewer. 
At the right side of the scene in the background is an alien.

Behind it to the right is a yellow duckling wearing red socks, a crown and a scepter.  
To the right is a penguin with white stomach and face and blue back and wings. 

Behind it to the left is a metal bucket. 

There is a boy and a girl.
The girl is to the right and the boy is to the left.
The boy is in the background.

To the left hand side, there is a boy.
The right, there is a girl.


There is sand on the ground and the sky is blue.
In the background, there is a pyramid.
There is a camel to the right.
There is a cowboy to the left.

There is a hole in the foreground to the right.
In the foreground to the left is Alice.
Alice is a human girl with blonde hair in a blue dress.
In the background to the right to there is a bunny which faces Alice.
In the background to the left, there is a large tree with two branches.

The ground is covered with grass.
In the background there is a sunflower on the far right facing southwest.
In the foreground there is a monkey in the middle facing southwest.
To the monkey's right, there is a penguin facing south.
To the monkey's left, there is a remote.
Left of the remote, there is a light bulb.
Behind the light bulb, to the right, there is a duck prince facing southeast.
Behind the monkey, to the right, there is a bucket.

The ground is covered with grass.
In the background there is a palm tree on the left.
In the foreground there is a frog on the left facing east-southeast and a broccoli on the right.
Behind the broccoli there is a bunny facing south-southwest.
Behind the frog, to the left, there is a mailbox facing southeast.

The floor is covered with grass. 
In the background on the left, there is a palm tree. 
In front of the palm tree, there is a postal mailbox facing southeast. 
In the foreground on the left, there sits a green frog with a yellow belly facing eastsoutheast. 
In the background on the right, there sits a white bunny facing southsouthwest. 
In south of the bunny, there is a broccoli. 

The ground is covered with grass. 
In the background there is a palmtree on the far left. 
In front of the palmtree there is a mailbox. 
In the foreground to the right there is a broccoli. 
Right of the mailbox there is a frog facing the broccoli. 


At the start of the scene, on the left is a light bulb which is off.
Next to the bulb on the ground is a switch, with a brown monkey next to it, facing the button but slightly turned towards the viewer.
The duckling is facing just slightly past the monkey.
It is facing the viewer.
Rightmost of the stage, in the back, is a sunflower, facing towards the characters.
The grass is green and the sky is blue.
The boy is facing towards at the girl.
The start depicts a boy facing to the right of the screen, and a woman facing to the front.
The cowboy is facing west.
The camel is facing the camera.
Alice is facing away from the bunny.
The grinning cat is not visible.

The sky is blue and the stage is a field of grass.
At the start the astronaught is facing to the front of the screen and the monster on wheels is positioned towards the back of the screen.
The scene takes place on the grass.
The scene takes place in the desert.
The scene takes place on a meadow.
The scene takes place on the moon surface.
The boy is facing the girl.
The ground is covered with grass, the sky is blue. 
